README.md, before:

# Dataset: LOD2 data of Bavaria in stl files
Downloaded and processed on 2023-04-21
## English version
This repository contains 3D building data of the german state of bavaria. Whereas the original data set comes in the format of `citygml`, this data set
is a converted version of compressed `.stl` files.
The original data set [3D-Gebäudemodelle (LoD2)](https://geodaten.bayern.de/opengeodata/OpenDataDetail.html?pn=lod2) by [Landesamt für Digitalisierung,
Breitband und Vermessung](https://www.ldbv.bayern.de/vermessung/bvv.html) is licensed under [CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.de). 


## German version
Dieses Repository enthält 3D Gebäudemodelle des Bundeslands Bayern. Während die Daten im originalen Datensatz im Format `citygml` gespeichert sind, ist das Dateiformat
dieses Datensatzes konvertiert zu komprimierten `.stl` Dateien.
Der originale Datensatz [3D-Gebäudemodelle (LoD2)](https://geodaten.bayern.de/opengeodata/OpenDataDetail.html?pn=lod2) vom [Landesamt für Digitalisierung,
Breitband und Vermessung](https://www.ldbv.bayern.de/vermessung/bvv.html) ist lizensiert unter [CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.de).

Commit message:

Add note to README
It seems that the Note is not correctly displayed in the prewiew, hence I need to commit to see if it is properly working in the repository.

README.md, after:

> [!NOTE]  
> This is a test repository. We intend to upload our processed files here in the future.


# Dataset: LOD2 data of Bavaria in stl files
Downloaded and processed on 2023-04-21
## English version
This repository contains 3D building data of the german state of bavaria. Whereas the original data set comes in the format of `citygml`, this data set
is a converted version of compressed `.stl` files.
The original data set [3D-Gebäudemodelle (LoD2)](https://geodaten.bayern.de/opengeodata/OpenDataDetail.html?pn=lod2) by [Landesamt für Digitalisierung,
Breitband und Vermessung](https://www.ldbv.bayern.de/vermessung/bvv.html) is licensed under [CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.de). 


## German version
Dieses Repository enthält 3D Gebäudemodelle des Bundeslands Bayern. Während die Daten im originalen Datensatz im Format `citygml` gespeichert sind, ist das Dateiformat
dieses Datensatzes konvertiert zu komprimierten `.stl` Dateien.
Der originale Datensatz [3D-Gebäudemodelle (LoD2)](https://geodaten.bayern.de/opengeodata/OpenDataDetail.html?pn=lod2) vom [Landesamt für Digitalisierung,
Breitband und Vermessung](https://www.ldbv.bayern.de/vermessung/bvv.html) ist lizensiert unter [CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.de).
